- Started building object upload abstraction on top of [[AWS S3]] protocol. Had a road block on how to do acknowledgement's on file upload statuses without [[AWS S3 Event Notifications]] because except for [[Minio]] other object storage providers don't support native S3 style events. Had to build a work around with a Three phase system
	- Phase One: When creating pre-signed upload URL add the object data to metadata DB then mark it as upload pending and add a event to a queue with the link expiry time, object path and metadata.
	- Phase Two: When upload is completed the client can directly acknowledge or request the uploaded object. Then we will preform a check between the object store and metadata store see if upload has succeeded then marks the previously created DB record as uploaded and evicts the event. Then we will return the metadata if it's acknowledge also send a [[Webhook]] to confirm the upload success. If it's object request we will return a pre-signed get URL with metadata in this case also send a [[Webhook]] to confirm the upload success. If upload failed will mark the record in metadata store as failed then send a upload failed [[Webhook]] event. Then we will evict the event and delete the failed upload record from metadata DB and log the failure.
	- Phase Three: Check the queue and pull the links which have passed expiry time then take the upload path for the object and do a head request to object store if the object is successfully uploaded mark it as uploaded in metadata store and send a [[Webhook]] to the server client or If upload failed will mark the record in metadata store as failed then send a upload failed [[Webhook]] event. Then we will evict the event and delete the failed upload record from metadata DB and log the failure.