- [uber schemaless datastore triggers](https://www.uber.com/en-LK/blog/schemaless-part-three-datastore-triggers/) which is one of the best implementation of usable database event triggers for a database system. Rather than these triggers being internal database triggers these can be used by external applications to listen to DB data changes which eliminates the requirement of building a custom events system. All of these triggers support at least once delivery making them scalable, fault-tolerant, and lossless. Also making the database the central source of truth means there will be less data redundancy and inconsistencies.
- Found out implementing snapshotting a database table while reading [[CDC]] data changelog is challenging. there are so many edge cases. And full locking when snapshotting is not possible we have to do incremental snapshots in parallel with [[CDC]] and guarantee there is no event duplication between the snapshot and [[CDC]] handling all of the edge cases are hard. The correct way to handle this is to just use [[Debezium]] the system handles all of these edge cases while being fast and reliable.
- Also [[Debezium]] has built in [[Transactional Outbox Pattern]] processing system called [outbox event router](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/transformations/outbox-event-router.html) which handles the task of reading the outbox table using [[CDC]] without using `SELECT` statements which is more efficient and doesn't use database resources.
- We could use a combination of [[PostgreSQL]], [[Debezium]] and [[NATS]] or [[Redpanda]] as an event broker to build a data platform like system which has native event callbacks. This means we canmake applications reactive without any complex batch based polling systems.