- DONE Find out how to do bulk deletion of S3 objects by S3 object key path prefix.
	- Bulk deletions are only possible by listing the files by prefix and the deleting them on by on using something like jobs or workflows to do them correctly and fault tolerantly.
	- A better approach is to store the object metadata in a database like [[PostgreSQL]] and then use it as source of truth for these type of operations without doing a full listing of objects is expensive.
- Best way to structure a application is module based approach rather than types if we separate logic in modular way it mush easy to handle than using a single type based system.
- Type based system like model, view, controller will not scale if the system has a large amount of logic.
	- Better way to structure is to use domain modules.
		- ```markdown
		  -- auth
		  	-- dtos
		      	-- login_dto
		          -- logout_dto
		          -- reset_password_dto
		      -- jobs
		      	-- send_reset_password_email
		          -- send_verification_email
		      -- auth_repo
		      -- auth_servcie
		   	-- auth_controller
		      -- auth_module
		  
		  -- user
		  	-- dtos
		      	-- create_user_dto
		          -- update_user_dto
		          -- delete_user_dto
		      -- jobs
		      	-- user_activated_ceck
		      -- entities
		      	-- user_entity
		      -- user_repo
		      -- user_servcie
		   	-- user_controller
		      -- auth_module
		  
		  -- common
		  	-- validators
		      	-- id_validator
		      -- helpers
		      	-- id_generator
		  	-- common_module
		  ```
	- We can structure a project like above in any language and it would be easy to understand with the domain. Also no jumping around folders all cleanly in one place under a domain type.
	- DONE Find out the fastest and most efficient way to push [[PostgreSQL]] changes to [[Meilisearch]] to be indexed for search.
		- We could batch load and re-index all the data with a demon like process using some thing like [[Dkron]].
		- We could use a workflow executor like [[Temporal]] to run indexing workflow reliably and index the data to search.
		- We could also use the [[PostgreSQL]] replication slots and [[WAL]] log to detect changes and push them to [[Meilisearch]] using [[CDC]] .
			- [[WAL-Listener]] can be used for this but reliability is unpredictable in case of failure and it doesn't have snapshotting ability to do full re-indexes.
			- [[Meilisync]] can do reliable doesn't have the problems with failures but snapshot full re-indexes are slow and there can be variable delay in sync.
			- [[Debezium]] the best [[CDC]] engine in the market this doesn't have any of the above issues. But configuring and running it is a pain requires a lot of resources also snap shotting can lock a complete table which is the only problem but this can be mitigated with some forward thinking by starting the indexing on table creation and also keeping replica to do the snap shotting and using primary for current DB for writes.