- Found out huge issue with [[BaaS]] services like [[Supabase]], [[Firebase]] and [[Appwrite]].
	- When using these [[BaaS]] services we are most likely to get direct access to Database, Storage from the client side which can be a huge security risk if not used correctly though these have some type of permission system they can lack flexibility or they can be hard and complex to understand and they are also hard to maintain. Also direct access to Database and Storage creates a another problem the complex backend logic moved into the application frontend when using a [[BaaS]] creating complexity and separation of concerns problems also this means the logic can't be shared between multiple frontends which can lead to logic duplication and  inconsistent implementation of the same logic between multiple client applications. The lack of flexibility can halt a project if there is some edge case and then we should use some hacky workaround to fulfill the edge case. With all of these issues we should be careful when using a [[BaaS]] to implement the backend of application.
	- The best way to negate all the problems described above is to make all the services like Database, Storage, Auth and other services backend only and then put a smart function runtime in front of them. The function runtime support normal [[REST]] like functions , reactive functions which can be used with [[WebSockets]] or [[SSE]] to push data in real-time and also support long running functions like cron jobs, background jobs and workflows. The functions can have any type of logic this means there is flexibility for the developer pick and choose how to implement logic. Also the function runtime would auto generate a type safe client sdk's for all the functions deployed into the runtime giving type safe access to all function endpoints. The runtime will also auto scale automatically. This system has the flexibility of a custom backend [[FaaS]] while having the developer experience and productivity given by a traditional [[BaaS]]. This type of system in the middle ground between [[FaaS]] and a [[BaaS]] will be a capable backend for any application.