- Found out changing [[Debezium]] config during runtime is hard and signaling tables can only be used for configure snapshotting. also [[Debezium]] server ships with a lot of not required connectors. Our only requirements are [[PostgreSQL]] to [[NATS]] event publishing and pushing [[PostgreSQL]] historical snapshots incrementally while reading the [[PostgreSQL]] [[WAL]] and publishing [[CDC]] events. Also one the run we should be able to add or remove tables from the [[CDC]] event stream and we should be able to do on demand snapshots and incremental snapshots of tables on the fly.
- Implementing real time reactive queries on database. This is a possible task by using aa reverse query engine ([[RQE]]). The reverse query engine is the magic behind [firebase real-time database](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database). This type of query engine is special rather than pulling in data once the query is executed it continuously detects changes in matching the given query and pushes those changes in a real-time getting real-time stream of data. There is only a few databases which implement this natively or implement something close to this like [[Firebase]], [[SurrealDB]], [[FaunaDB]] and [RethinkDB](https://rethinkdb.com/) are some example.
- Started building **[[PGWarp]]** a reactive event stream system for [[PostgreSQL]] powered by [[CDC]] and [[NATS]]. **[[PGWarp]]** takes inspiration from [Netflix DBLog](https://netflixtechblog.com/dblog-a-generic-change-data-capture-framework-69351fb9099b) [[CDC]] which implements table snapshots for retrieving historical data without extended table locks. Also it does the snapshotting incrementally while reding the [[CDC]] change log both run in parallel so it's efficient. Snapshotting incrementally makes it so there will be no long running snapshot operations which block the [[CDC]] data stream both the incremental snapshotting process and the [[CDC]] process would run in parallel exposing a single stream of change events.