- DONE Find out methods to build a transparent caching which runs in front of [[PostgreSQL]].
	- Using a proxy based cache where we will proxy `select` statements through the caching server then cache the records. Then if a `update` or `delete` statement is sent through the proxy we check it against the cache and invalidate the records which have been modified or removed. This is fairly easy to implement but there is an issue if a record is modified in [[PostgreSQL]] directly without using the cache proxy the cache will no be invalidated but there is a solution for this issue we can tap into the [[PostgreSQL WAL]] at the same time to invalidate the cache using [[CDC]].
	- Using [[Dataflow]] based cache. This will use [[Partially Stateful Dataflow]]s manage a cache in real-time using the [[PostgreSQL WAL]]. This is the hard but the most effective path this can cache nearly any [[PostgreSQL]] `select` statement and cache invalidation in done purely via [[PostgreSQL WAL]] by subscribing to a [[PostgreSQL Replication Slot]]. This means the cache invalidation is consistent and fast with no cache misses. The cached values can also be incrementally updated without a full cache invalidation meaning cache updates are extremely efficient. The cache can also run an `up-query` if a value is not cached the cache server runs a select statement upwards to the [[PostgreSQL]] server to `select` the required values then it caches it first and then sends the cached values back to the client this stops [[PostgreSQL]] from getting hammered with `select`'s for the same value this acts as a buffer to stop excessive `select`'s while subsequent `select`'s for the same values doesn't have to go to [[PostgreSQL]] making `select`'s extremely fast. This is the best way to build a modern cache.
	- We would lean toward a [[PostgreSQL WAL]] and [[PostgreSQL Logical Replication]] based cache system because it's capability to handle efficient cache invalidation and to support incremental update of cached values which makes this type of caching system on of the most capable cache systems.