# Start of a new year 🌠 with new goals
	- What to make better in my life
		- Reflect on what i did last year.
		- Read more books minimum two books per week.
	- What to get good in general software.
		- Get good at software architecture.
		- Learn to build more reliable systems.
	- What to get good in general academia.
		- Improve [[DSA]] skill and do more leetcode prctices.
		- learn deeper concepts of CS like like advance data structures, internal workings of databases, compiler, parser and advance data structures like [[CRDT]]'s etc.
		- Get good at building rock solid offline first systems.
		- Learn about how file systems work in different [[OS]]'s.
	- What new technologies to learn.
		- Learn [[Flutter]].
		- Learn [[React]] and move on to [[Next.js]].
		- Learn [[Svelte]] and move on to [[SvelteKit]].
		- Learn to build reliable backend with [[.NET]], [[Rust]] and [[Go]].
		- Learn advance data modeling with [[SQL]] and [[NoSQL]] databases.
		- Learn about building transaction less consistent systems.
		- Learn to build multiplatform packages in [[Rust]] which can be used by other languages and frameworks like [[Flutter]] to make multiplatform development easier.
	- Projects that are going to worked.
		- webhook-engine to send reliable [[Webhook]] requests. Make it easy to use and mange via a developer friendly [[API]]'s and [[SDK]]'s
		- storage-engine to store objects with metadata and not dread about keeping consistent state between the object store like [[AWS S3]] and the metadata store like [[PostgreSQL]]. Make it easy to use and mange via a developer friendly [[API]]'s and [[SDK]]'s.
		- real-time-engine to implement real-time engine to push data using [[WebSocket]], [[SSE]],[[HTTP Streaming]] and [[WebTransport]] etc. With support for presence, ephemeral channels and support for large scale [[CDC]] based based real-time listeners to implement Realtime on top of databases. Make it easy to use and mange via a developer friendly [[API]]'s and [[SDK]]'s.
		- auth-engine implement robust auth service with unparallel extensibility and security. Make it easy to use and mange via a developer friendly [[API]]'s and [[SDK]]'s.
		- quick-launcher a [[Flutter]] and [[Rust]] project powered by [[notify-rs]] and [[tantivy]] to index the file system and give the ability to search through the complete file system and applications blazingly fast. And also give the ability to launch applications. In the future maybe build a way to extend the launcher with plugins.