- Building a [[Software Defined Database]] on top of [[TiKV]] which looks like cool concept. We can use the [[TiKV]] storage engine which means we have a rock solid foundation. The we can build extra features on top of it. We can also use [[PostgreSQL]] as the underlying storage engine for building a [[Software Defined Database]]. A [[Software Defined Database]] would give unparallel flexibility and reliability over any existing database system. We could call it less of a database stateful application framework.
- Features of the perfect database.
	- Database should be document based with inter document relationship support meaning the database would be a document relational database.
	- Database should support schema less, partial schemas and full schema support.
	- Database should generate schema on the fly by smartly introspecting and detecting what data is in a table and generates a schema.
	- Database should be reactive meaning any query to the database should be able to be turned into a subscription query which returns data in real-time.
	- Database should be [[ACID]] compliant.
	- Database should support full-text search and vector search natively.
	- Database should support for running delayed database mutations and queries.
	- Database should generate fully type safe clients for any language.
	- Database should support strictly [[Serializable Transaction]] with [[DOCC]]. This means database supports the highest level of consistency with the highest level of concurrency.
	- Database should have native soft deletes and ability to set when to permanent the soft delete.
	- Database should support native versioning of data to track all changes. meaning we can get
	- Database should support native TTL for data with permanent and soft delete.
	- Database should support native object storage.
	- Database support running serverless functions literally in the database right next to the data making the functions fast as possible.
		- Database should use the database guarantees to execute code as workflows.
		- Database functions should have the ability to react to database changes. Add the ability to run functions on database events reacting to database changes.
		- Database functions should have the ability to have auto retries with exponential backoff on functions without extra config.
	- Database should have the Ability to run [[WASM]] modules directly in the database.